Mithril update 2024-07-03 (#421)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-07-03-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-07-03-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

> ## High level overview
> 
> This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the certification of Cardano transactions in Mithril networks. They completed the low-latency certification with the retrieval of transactions using the chain sync mini-protocol and Pallas, and they worked on fixing some bugs occuring during the warmup phase of the signer and aggregator. They also worked on supporting the new Cardano node version `8.12`. Additionally, the team kept redacting a draft CIP for the diffusion of Mithril signatures through the Cardano network.
> 
> Finally, they fixed a bug that prevented the parsing of some blocks in the SanchoNet network and made some optimizations on the databases of the signer and aggregator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## High level overview

This week, the Mithril team continued implementing the certification of Cardano transactions in Mithril networks. They completed the low-latency certification with the retrieval of transactions using the chain sync mini-protocol and Pallas and worked on fixing some bugs occurring during the warmup phase of the signer and aggregator. They also worked on supporting the new Cardano node version 8.12 and kept redacting a draft CIP for the diffusion of Mithril signatures through the Cardano network.

Finally, the team fixed a bug that prevented the parsing of some blocks in the SanchoNet network and made some optimizations on the databases of the signer and aggregator.
```
